chore: Cleanup vscode extension output channels (#19422)
rust-lang/rust-analyzer: docs/book/src/contributing/README.md

`--log-file <PATH>` CLI argument allows logging to file.
Setting the `RA_LOG_FILE=<PATH>` environment variable will also log to file, it will also override `--log-file`.

To see the server stderr output in the running VS Code instance, go to the "Output" tab of the panel
and select `rust-analyzer Language Server`.
This shows `eprintln!` as well.

> Note that `stdout` is used for the actual protocol, so `println!` will break things!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that `stdout` is used by LSP messages, so using `println!`—or anything that writes to `stdout`—will break rust-analyzer!
```

  ```

* You can log on the client side, by the `rust-analyzer: Toggle LSP Logs` command or enabling `"rust-analyzer.trace.server": "verbose"` workspace setting.

>   These logs are shown in a separate tab named `rust-analyzer Language Server Trace` in the output and could be used with LSP inspector.

Reviewer: I wonder if this should be called `rust-analyzer LSP Trace`? Would look more visually different.
